CDDSO-628 3.1.2 Release (#457)
MetOffice/CDDS: mip_convert/CHANGES.md

## Release 3.1.2, April 30 2025

> -   The `iris` `cell_methods` interval value is now ignored (CDDSO-648)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  `interval` specifications in the `cell_methods` field of input netCDF files are now ignored to avoid mid-year changes in model timestep causing iris to raise concatenation errors (CDDSO-648)
```
